# Index
# II. What is Azure DevOps Services ?
 - Azure DevOps is a collection of tools and services offered by Microsoft to aid software development teams in application's :
   1. Planning             : Azure Boards for agile planning and tracking
   2. Collaboration        : Azure Repos for source code management and reviews
   3. Development          : 
   4. Testing              : Azure Test Plans
   5. Artifact management  : Azure Artifacts for managing and sharing packages
   6. Deployment           : Azure Pipelines for continuous integration and deployment
- These tools can also be integrated with other services to offer an end-to-end solution:
   1. Other Azure services like
   2. Third party services like GitHub, Jenkins etc.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# III. What is Azure DevOps Server ?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Software as a service (SaaS): A cloud service model where the cloud provider runs and manages the application together with its infrastructure. Here, a lot is abstracted from the customer, who cares only about what they use.
DevOps engineering: The implementation of DevOps practices in software development teams.
DevSecOps: The integration of security into every stage of the DevOps process.
Site reliability engineering: A set of practices that merges software engineering with application monitoring to make sure that deployed applications always maintain high availability.
