# Index
1. Setting up Account
2. Going through key features 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# I. Setting up an account
1. Create an Email account
    a. Our own existing email account    Ex. eswarmuthyam24@gmail.com
    b. Outlook or Hotmail email account  Ex. eswarmuthyam24@outlook.com
   
2. Create a Microsoft Account: eswarmuthyam24@gmail.com/Microsoft4$5account
   
3. Create your Azure free account: 
   
6.
7.
8.
9. Goto Azure DevOps website: dev.azure.com
10. Go through the plans
    a. Basic Plan - First 5 users free, then $6 per user per month
                    Includes: Azure Pipelines: Includes the free offer from INDIVIDUAL SERVICES
                              Azure Boards: Work item tracking and Kanban boards
                              Azure Repos: Unlimited private Git repos
                              Azure Artifacts: 2 GiB free per organization   
    b. Basic + Test Plans - $52 per user per month, 30 day free trial
                    Includes: All Basic plan features
                              Test planning, tracking & execution
                              Browser-based tests with annotation
                              Rich-client test execution
                              User acceptance testing
                              Centralized reporting

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Azure Boards: Software development teams can use the interactive and configurable tools in Azure Boards for managing their software projects. It delivers various features, including support for agile and scrum, customizable dashboards, and reporting. As your business grows, you can scale these tools.
Azure Repos: Azure Repos is a collection of version control and source code management tools in the Azure DevOps toolset. Version control tools are applications that help you track changes you make in your code in real time. As you update your code, you tell the version control tool to take a snapshot of your files. The version control tool saves that snapshot, and you can retrieve it later when needed.
Azure Pipelines: Azure Pipelines instantly builds and tests code to make them available to others. It combines CI and CD to test, build, and deploy your code to any target or destination.
Azure Test Plans: Azure Test Plans is a test management platform with all the abilities required for different testing styles and gathering feedback from stakeholders. Some testing styles include planned manual testing, user acceptance testing, and exploratory testing.
Azure Artifacts: Azure Artifacts allows software developers to share their code effectively and handle all their packaged code from one place. With Azure Artifacts, developers can publish packages to their feeds and share them within the same team, across multiple product teams or organizations, and even publicly.
Visual Studio Marketplace: You can download extensions for Azure DevOps from the Visual Studio Marketplace. These extensions are created by Microsoft, in collaboration with the tech community. They are add-ons that customize and advance your team's venture with Azure DevOps. They can expand different parts of the DevOps toolchain, from managing work items to code integration and testing, pipeline builds and software releases, and team synergy.
--------
